1. deck size is 54 cards, 13 of each suit + two jokers. Turn based game. Each player starts with four cards in a square formation. At game start, all players      get 10 seconds to view their bottom two cards. After the timer, the user can't see their cards again until further happenings. Turns always move clockwise,     player order and starting player are random. The player should be able to see all the cards face down on a table because swapping happens in later parts of     the game so the players can see which cards were swapped. However unless later specified, the player can never see contents of any card. The starting section    only allows the player to view their own bottom two cards. The other players' cards look face down to the player.

2. each card has a score with the card number being its score and Ace = 1, King = 0, Queen/Jack = 10, Joker = -1. The player wants the total score of the all the cards to be minimal to win. Suits do not matter

3. each a turn, a player draws a card from the deck and looks at it. Other players cannot see what card that player has drawn. Then, they can choose to either replace one of their cards (any of the cards in that user's square hand which are all face down) which puts the replaced card as the discard pile top card. The discard pile top card is visible to everyone. Or they can choose to play the drawn card itself to the discard pile top.

4. Once a card is put down as the discard pile top, a three second timer runs where players can play down a card with the same rank to reduce their hand size. If the card is a replacement card (the current turn player drew a card and replaced one of their own cards with the drawn card and played a replacement to the discard pile) then current turn player is not eligigle for the play down, only the other players are; if the discard card is the drawn card, the current turn player is eligible for the play down also. First player to do so in that time limit is the only one that is considered. Players can also play down another players card if they think it is of the same rank. If it is, the play down is a success and the player who played the other player's card gives a card of their choosing to the other player within 5 seconds to reduce their hand. If the player is unable to select one of their own cards in the time limit, a random card is given. If the player chooses wrong in selecting a play down card they have to draw a card from the deck, increasing their hand.

5. Certain cards have certain powers which can be used by the current turn player after the play down timer if the discarded card by them is the drawn card only and not a replaced card. The powers are: If card rank is 7 or 8: the player may look at any one card from their own hand, if card rank is 9 or 10: the player can look any one card from the hand of any player apart from themselves, if the card rank is Jack: the player can choose to swap (without looking) any two cards from anyone's hand including themselves, if the card rank is Queen: the player gains two powers the first being they can look at any one card from any hand and second being they can swap any two cards between any hand including their own (the double power is mutually exclusive, the player can choose whether or not to play both powers or only one of them and in any order). The player can also decide whether they want to use their power or skip to the next turn, this decision must be taken in 5 seconds, if the power is played should complete the power usage in 20 seconds. After 20 seconds, turn changes regardless of whether all powers were used or not. Once all powers are used, turn automatically changes.

6. On every players turn, they get an option to call Kaaboo or draw a card. If the user chooses draw, the game continues as is. If the player chooses kaaboo instead, the player is now highlighted and their turn is skipped (no card can be drawn). The game continues normally (with the kaaboo button disabled because kaaboo has already been called) till the highlighted player (who called kaaboo) is reached. All cards of all players are revealed and score is calculated. If the player who called kaaboo has the least score (strictly least: cannot be least but equal to another player), the player wins and gets +1 to their ScoreBoard. Else they get -1. Other players are unaffected. Round Ends

7. Host can choose to start the next round after the rounds ends. Scoreboard should be saved across rounds of the same game